Section recap another section behind your belt.
Congratulations.
Let's see what we learned in this one and this section we learned number one how to connect tablet to
an Excel file.
Not that much different to CSV file the only probably difference that you would want to point out is
that you if you have many tabs in your Excel file then you will see all the tabs in you in Tablo and
you have select the correct tab that you want to be working with.
And so if you want to get to multiple tabs then you have to create a connection a new connection every
time.
Number two how to visualize add hold AB tests.
So I showed you my personal invention I'd call it a kind of framework that I use for a running ad hoc
A B tests a very quick way to run your AB tests.
It's not a proper full fledged statistical way of running a B tests so we don't check for significance
and so on.
However there's two points.
First of all in the next section we will change all of that and you will see that it is very easy to
get that statistical backing behind your findings and I'll show you exactly how to do that.
We'll be talking about something called a chi square test which might sound scary but it's actually
very very simple.
And that will give our visual AB tests that we've been learning in this section full power full statistical
power and full statistical weight.
And the second point is that these visual visually B tests are so simple you don't have to waste your
time running all the stats or crunching all the numbers just to find out that there's no significant
difference or something that does and doesn't matter to you like this and tabel you just throw in your
variables and within a couple of minutes you've run maybe five Statistical to five visual AB tests and
you know where to keep looking.
So this is what Data mining is about.
It's not about stats.
We're not statisticians we're data scientists.
We're mining the data we're getting insights passed and we get what we want and as quickly as possible
and then we take it from there.
Number three how do you create Aliase is a very powerful technique in Tablo which makes your work easier
because you know which variables you're dealing with you don't have to deal if numbers were not computers
after all.
And you can convert a one in 2 years 0 to know where you can rename basically values inside your columns
.
Very powerful technique to have not just for working with Salol but also for visualization and a helps
your audience understand better when in your college and for instance you don't have ones and zeros
you have yesses a nose or exited and stayed with the bank and things like that.
How to add a reference line to your chart.
Also good technique.
So we added a fixed reference line because we already knew what our average rate of leaving the bank
was which was 20 percent.
So having that visually present allowed us to analyze quickly understand what is below average what
is above average.
So adds value to your analysis and helps you analyze faster.
We also learn how to use ad hoc AB tests to find anomalies.
So probably two things I wanted to mention here.
You saw that by running these AB tests we were able to quickly find variables that matter to us variables
that don't matter to us find any anomalies.
Anomalies are more like things that we don't expect to happen but they do happen like the situation
that we saw with a number of products like that was kind of an anomaly and that was definitely something
we would take forward and investigate further what's going on there and that is definitely not normal
to see that with the rise of number of products the churn rate also increases after some stage and you'll
be surprised at how many weird things you'll be able to uncover in the data through these kind of tests
and it is by looking into those insights that you are able to not only fulfill the requirements of your
project but actually go above and beyond and add immense value to your business sometimes much greater
than what you're going to add through your project itself.
And so also the second point on Number 5 is that you saw how easy it was once you set up your template
you've set up the formatting you put the reference line in you you just have you just have to duplicate
it replicated and change the name of your code that will replace the code.
It's very easy to run these ad hoc tests once you set up the first one.
They're easy to replicate and the mistakes how to validate your daughter approach.
A very handy trick there.
Use a call them or a verbal you know has no influence on the result.
For example the last digit of their mobile number or their client account number and check that there
is a uniform distribution that will help you avoid any errors you might have in your approach or check
any errors for any errors in the data.
And that's the end of the section I'll look for you next time.
Until then happy analyzing